Our objective : To analyse the kind of lip products used in Indonesia and draw inferences from the data using various tools.
Goals :
- To identify the kind of data provided
- To find average price of products and popular lip products 
- Commonly used products and different shades available.

Primary data - data collected firsthand by a researcher through surveys etc 
Secondary data - Data collected beforehand that si freely available and can be used to draw inferences.
We are going to use the secondary data provided for analysis.


Raw data is difficult to read so we have sampled data in data_indonesia.csv which gives us an overall idea of the data. 
Here we have the products with their type and price and we also have information about the number of shades available.

The data used here is nominal data because there is no particular order and it is grouped according to certain parameters.


Now we group the data and analyse it:

First, seeing the population :
1.  The kind of lip product - crayon, liquid, solid or stick 
    we find the percentage of the total comprised by the products of each type and make a bar graph. This tells us what kind of lip products are commonly used. We can add a column for cumulative percent to show that all the data is present.
2.  Next we can sort by brand. Find the percentage of
    products by brand and also cumulative. We can do this by seeing how many products of each brand are present.

Now that we have the normalized data (by percentage), we can analyse it further.
Explaining the data : finding the mean, median, nmode, std. deviation, quartile

WE can create a bar chart, histogram and/or pie chart to explain the data.
Example : to show distribution by brands, we can use a pie chart and bar chart for distribution by type.

now we find mean, median, mode etc of 
i) number of shades
ii) price of products

we can also create a distribution whidch shows the percentage of products by number of shades and also price.
then we can create a histogram to organize this. We will get some outliers and graphs like the ones in pg 140 of the pdf.  

Now using this, we can make a boxplot - which is basically classifying data into different quantiles. We
will find some outliers and in case we choose to ignore these, our inferences will change. We might want to ignore them because we want to get an idea of the general population of products.